>> Steve Kinney: So
we talked about that theme layer.
Like I said,
we saw that bg-blue-600, right?
We can look at the default colors in
the docs later if we're interested.
You can add additional
colors like we want brand.
We see this pattern that's built into
the tailwind default colors of blue-600,
blue-500, is a range of shades, right?
You could just say hey,
I only want three of every shade.
Like blue, blue, light, blue, dark.
You can change any of these you want.
Or you can just say here's our brand color
and maybe the secondary color as well.
Now you can do BG brand and
you will get that color.
You change the CSS variable,
it changes everywhere in your app.
Life is good.
And it's all as you can see,
other than having that theme layer,
it is just CSS variables
the whole way through.
There's also a bunch of what
we're going to call depending on
the use case variants in a lot of cases or
utilities to do what would otherwise
been verbose things in css.
So we've got these responsive
breakpoints like MD and
LG which will basically do
the media queries for you.
So if you wanted something to be
full width in the beginning and
then when we get to a medium sized
viewport, go to like columns or
whatever, you can just prefix a class,
any utility class with MD colon and
then it'll do the media query.
It'll nest everything appropriately.
You don't have to write all of that stuff,
it happens for free and
you can stack them.
So like MD hover, which means only on
a tablet ish device only only when
they're hovering,
have this background color and
instead of like the pseudo
selector of colon hover and
then also the media query inside of that,
you get to skip all of that.
And you what seems like, this is super
verbose when I look at the markup.
If you do the math in your head
on a long enough timeline,
you end up writing a lot less.